Everyone in this lecture, we're going to start with the basics of C++.
What we are going to do, we are going to first say hello and we are going to look at the boilerplate
code.
And we're also going to look at how you can build Andrena code using C++.
First of all, let's look at this.
So this code is a boilerplate code.
So that basically means this is kind of a template that we will use in every C++ program to write some
good.
So it may explain you this template.
So whenever you write code, that is a starting point.
The program starts executing from Maine to Maine is known as the starting point and.
And Maine is the starting point of the C++ program.
Maine is where Discord is going to start executing right now.
This curly brackets denote the block of domain.
And there are no instructions written inside this block of code.
OK, so this code will not do anything under the instruction or line number seven that is written zero
return zero is more like an exit.
It means it is the end of the program.
OK, so it is the end of the mean grade.
We have depicted this stock from end mean that is red and yellow, which denote the ending of the mean.
So I'm not diving into a lot of technical terms at this point.
So later on, we will see that mean as a special kind of a function from which this program starts executing.
We can define one or more functions inside the C++ program.
And what are these first two lines?
The first line is hash include Io String, so I stream is a header file.
OK?
It is a header file, so basically it contains certain code that we would be using for doing input and
output.
So right on, we have not used this interface anywhere.
But in the next example, like we're going to do, we will see the use of this header.
If I look and hash include this is known as a directive.
So anything you see in the beginning that begins with the hash, it's a pre processor directive.
Again, we will dive deep into these details, but a little later on.
And using namespace as a steady means, we are using the standard C++ namespace.
So we'll also talk about namespaces in little more detail.
But right now, what you need to understand that in every C++ code, you will find a structure like
this and whatever you want to write accordingly, it will go inside me.
OK.
So the program execution starts from this line, and we'll also talk about the two phases.
One is a compilation phase.
OK, and another is the execution phase.
When your code is actually running, the compilation always happens from top to bottom.
So from line number one to line number eight, the first step would be your code would get compiled.
It will create the object file, then a Lincoln would combine all object files.
It will create something called executable file that can run on a particular machine.
So we'll go into all those details, but let's see, I suppose I instead of just running the empty program,
I want to print Hello World on the screen to what change I would need to make.
If you look carefully.
So this was our template on line number six.
I'm making a change.
I'm saying see out a little word.
So what is this thing?
So code is kind of a special object.
I would say it is.
You can treat it as a statement that you would be using or printing something on the screen.
So hello, world is a string, so anything that is written in double codes.
This is a string and we are saying that.
OK, go and print.
Hello world.
OK, so yoed means you output something on the console that is that is and of a terminal.
OK, and nowhere is this CO2 defined.
There is the output.
Not not the magical world.
OK, it it has a certain functionality written behind it.
The code behind CO2 is in the file o stream.
It is coming from there.
We are using a specific.
Keyword scout and we are saying, OK, go and print something on this.
So this is kind of an operator on every statement.
In.
C++ ends with a semicolon, OK?
So these are examples of statements, and they will end up end up with a semicolon to be the rules of
the programming language in the coming modules.
We will be learning about these rules and we would be diving deeper into these details before we go
ahead.
What we will do in the next few will write this code and we will try to build it, and I will explain
to the compilation underbid process.
So that's a small intro about what is this boilerplate code and how we are going to use it to solve
some problems.
So let's see in the next we do.